we asked a few familiar faces what they
thought of the results Allah how did she
find Wembley tonight then he has been
absolutely amazing even as a
professional down so we've been dancing
a front of loads of people and massive
crowds but knowing that you go in life
or front of millions of people and then
you've got six and a half thousand
sitting in the audience I thought I
would be overwhelmed and thrown but
actually I was calmer tonight he
couldn't have gone any better we enjoyed
the dance the dance at well the comments
are good the scores were good and we
were in men beliefs is like perfect
Robbie did so well I was so proud of
Robby he did so well very proud the only
downer is obviously that we now know
that the grant has been eliminated and
we're gonna miss him a lot I think well
I thought that Russell would go through
really to the semifinals only because I
thought he was you know the big
entertainment sort of scenario I really
thought that the audience would vote him
through I'm deeply sorry that Russell's
going that's a shock but this is the
nature of this kind of competition
Russell and fluffier obviously out how
you feeling about that you were good
pals with them weren't you yeah I'm
devastated I got an object also you know
he's gonna fire then the man's a legend
and he's come from you know ten years
you're doing study still doesn't really
well too and now this this hero of all
of us I'm fine I just had the most
brilliant time of my life I got to
Wembley that was always my final and my
goal and I'm here and I'm very happy and
of course she got to come out of the
cannon what a way to go on a home what a
mad moment that was it was absolutely
brilliant and I just it's been an
awesome awesome experience and I
wouldn't swap it for the world